Prevent display style overrides from sites (#397)
Andarist/react-textarea-autosize: .changeset/two-turkeys-join.md

---
'react-textarea-autosize': patch
---

> Force display: block for the hidden textarea to prevent site overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Force `display: block` for the hidden textarea to prevent other styles from overriding it and thus breaking the resizing functionality
```
